ariel-on-human-legs
  VOICELESS This character can't {E} to sing songs.

ariel-spectacular-singer
  MUSICAL DEBUT When you play this character, look at the top 4 cards of your deck. You may reveal a song card and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your deck in any order.

cinderella-gentle-and-kind
  A WONDERFUL DREAM {E} — Remove up to 3 damage from chosen Princess character.

goofy-musketeer
  AND TWO FOR TEA! When you play this character, you may remove up to 2 damage from each of your Musketeer characters.

hades-king-of-olympus
  SINISTER PLOT This character gets +1 {L} for each other Villain character you have in play.

hades-lord-of-the-underworld
  WELL OF SOULS When you play this character, return a character card from your discard to your hand.

lefou-bumbler
  LOYAL If you have a character named Gaston in play, you pay 1 {I} less to play this character.

maximus-relentless-pursuer
  HORSE KICK When you play this character, chosen character gets -2 {S} this turn.

moana-of-motunui
  WE CAN FIX IT Whenever this character quests, you may ready your other Princess characters. They can't quest for the rest of this turn.

prince-phillip-dragonslayer
  HEROISM When this character challenges and is banished, you may banish the challenged character.

rapunzel-gifted-with-healing
  GLEAM AND GLOW When you play this character, remove up to 3 damage from one of your characters. Draw a card for each 1 damage removed this way.

stitch-carefree-surfer
  OHANA When you play this character, if you have 2 or more other characters in play, you may draw 2 cards.

stitch-rock-star
  ADORING FANS Whenever you play a character with cost 2 or less, you may exert them to draw a card.

timon-grub-rustler
  TASTES LIKE CHICKEN When you play this character, you may remove up to 1 damage from chosen character.

be-our-guest
  (A character with cost 2 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Look at the top 4 cards of your deck. You may reveal a character card and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your deck in any order.

control-your-temper
  Chosen character gets -2 {S} this turn.

hakuna-matata
  (A character with cost 4 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Remove up to 3 damage from each of your characters.

healing-glow
  Remove up to 2 damage from chosen character.

just-in-time
  You may play a character with cost 5 or less for free.

part-of-your-world
  (A character with cost 3 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Return a character card from your discard to your hand.

you-have-forgotten-me
  Each opponent chooses and discards 2 cards.

dinglehopper
  STRAIGHTEN HAIR {E} — Remove up to 1 damage from chosen character.

lantern
  BIRTHDAY LIGHTS {E} — You pay 1 {I} less for the next character you play this turn.

ursulas-shell-necklace
  NOW, SING! Whenever you play a song, you may pay 1 {I} to draw a card.

anna-heir-to-arendelle
  LOVING HEART When you play this character, if you have a character named Elsa in play, choose an opposing character. The chosen character doesn't ready at the start of their next turn.

dr-facilier-agent-provocateur
  INTO THE SHADOWS Whenever one of your other characters is banished in a challenge, you may return that card to your hand.

dr-facilier-remarkable-gentleman
  DREAMS MADE REAL Whenever you play a song, you may look at the top 2 cards of your deck. Put one on the top of your deck and the other on the bottom.

elsa-snow-queen
  FREEZE {E} — Exert chosen opposing character.

elsa-spirit-of-winter
  DEEP FREEZE When you play this character, exert up to 2 chosen characters. They can't ready at the start of their next turn.

flotsam-ursulas-spy
  DEXTEROUS LUNGE Your characters named Jetsam gain Rush.

jafar-keeper-of-secrets
  HIDDEN WONDERS This character gets +1 {S} for each card in your hand.

jetsam-ursulas-spy
  SINISTER SLITHER Your characters named Flotsam gain Evasive.

magic-broom-bucket-brigade
  SWEEP When you play this character, you may shuffle a card from any discard into its player's deck.

maleficent-sorceress
  CAST MY SPELL! When you play this character, you may draw a card.

marshmallow-persistent-guardian
  DURABLE When this character is banished in a challenge, you may return this card to your hand.

mickey-mouse-wayward-sorcerer
  ANIMATE BROOM You pay 1 {I} less to play Broom characters.
  CEASELESS WORKER Whenever one of your Broom characters is banished in a challenge, you may return that card to your hand.

pascal-rapunzels-companion
  CAMOUFLAGE While you have another character in play, this character gains Evasive. (Only characters with Evasive can challenge them.)

the-queen-wicked-and-vain
  I SUMMON THEE {E} — Draw a card.

tinker-bell-peter-pans-ally
  LOYAL AND DEVOTED Your characters named Peter Pan gain Challenger +1. (They get +1 {S} while challenging.)

ursula-power-hungry
  IT'S TOO EASY! When you play this character, each opponent loses 1 lore. You may draw a card for each 1 lore lost this way.

yzma-alchemist
  YOU'RE EXCUSED Whenever this character quests, look at the top card of your deck. Put it on either the top or the bottom of your deck.

befuddle
  Return a character or item with cost 2 or less to their player's hand.

freeze
  Exert chosen opposing character.

friends-on-the-other-side
  (A character with cost 3 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Draw 2 cards.

reflection
  (A character with cost 1 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Look at the top 3 cards of your deck. Put them back on the top of your deck in any order.

magic-mirror
  SPEAK! {E}, 4 {I} — Draw a card.

ursulas-cauldron
  PEER INTO THE DEPTHS {E} — Look at the top 2 cards of your deck. Put one on the top of your deck and the other on the bottom.

white-rabbits-pocket-watch
  I'M LATE! {E}, 1 {I} — Chosen character gains Rush this turn. (They can challenge the turn they're played.)

beast-wolfsbane
  ROAR When you play this character, exert all opposing damaged characters.

cheshire-cat-not-all-there
  LOSE SOMETHING? When this character is challenged and banished, banish the challenging character.

cruella-de-vil-miserable-as-usual
  YOU'LL BE SORRY! When this character is challenged and banished, you may return chosen character to their player's hand.

flynn-rider-charming-rogue
  HERE COMES THE SMOLDER Whenever this character is challenged, the challenging player chooses and discards a card.

genie-on-the-job
  DISAPPEAR When you play this character, you may return chosen character to their player's hand.

genie-powers-unleashed
  PHENOMENAL COSMIC POWER! Whenever this character quests, you may play an action with cost 5 or less for free.

iago-loud-mouthed-parrot
  YOU GOT A PROBLEM? {E} — Chosen character gains Reckless during their next turn. (They can't quest and must challenge if able.)

jasper-common-crook
  PUPPYNAPPING Whenever this character quests, chosen opposing character can't quest during their next turn.

john-silver-alien-pirate
  PICK YOUR FIGHTS When you play this character and whenever he quests, chosen opposing character gains Reckless during their next turn. (They can't quest and must challenge if able.)

kuzco-temperamental-emperor
  NO TOUCHY! When this character is challenged and banished, you may banish the challenging character.

lady-tremaine-wicked-stepmother
  DO IT AGAIN! When you play this character, you may return an action card from your discard to your hand.

mad-hatter-gracious-host
  TEA PARTY Whenever this character is challenged, you may draw a card.

megara-pulling-the-strings
  WONDER BOY When you play this character, chosen character gets +2 {S} this turn.

mickey-mouse-artful-rogue
  MISDIRECTION Whenever you play an action, chosen opposing character can't quest during their next turn.

mother-gothel-selfish-manipulator
  SKIP THE DRAMA, STAY WITH MAMA While this character is exerted, opposing characters can't quest.

tinker-bell-most-helpful
  PIXIE DUST When you play this character, chosen character gains Evasive this turn.

do-it-again
  Return an action card from your discard to your hand.

mother-knows-best
  (A character with cost 3 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Return chosen character to their player's hand.

stampede
  Deal 2 damage to chosen damaged character.

steal-from-the-rich
  Whenever one of your characters quests this turn, each opponent loses 1 lore.

sudden-chill
  (A character with cost 2 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Each opponent chooses and discards a card.

the-beast-is-mine
  Chosen character gains Reckless during their next turn. (They can't quest and must challenge if able.)

vicious-betrayal
  Chosen character gets +2 {S} this turn. If a Villain character is chosen, they get +3 {S} instead.

dr-faciliers-cards
  THE CARDS WILL TELL {E} — You pay 1 {I} less for the next action you play this turn.

stolen-scimitar
  SLASH {E} — Chosen character gets +1 {S} this turn. If a character named Aladdin is chosen, he gets +2 {S} instead.

aladdin-heroic-outlaw
  DARING EXPLOIT During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge, you gain 2 lore and each opponent loses 2 lore.

aladdin-street-rat
  IMPROVISE When you play this character, each opponent loses 1 lore.

captain-hook-ruthless-pirate
  YOU COWARD! While this character is exerted, opposing characters with Evasive gain Reckless. (They can't quest and must challenge if able.)

elsa-ice-surfer
  THAT'S NO BLIZZARD Whenever you play a character named Anna, ready this character. This character can't quest for the rest of this turn.

lefou-instigator
  FAN THE FLAMES When you play this character, ready chosen character. They can't quest for the rest of this turn.

maleficent-monstrous-dragon
  DRAGON FIRE When you play this character, you may banish chosen character.

moana-chosen-by-the-ocean
  THIS IS NOT WHO YOU ARE When you play this character, you may banish chosen character named Te Kā.

mulan-imperial-soldier
  LEAD BY EXAMPLE During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge, your other characters get +1 {L} this turn.

rapunzel-letting-down-her-hair
  TANGLE When you play this character, each opponent loses 1 lore.

scar-shameless-firebrand
  ROUSING SPEECH When you play this character, ready your characters with cost 3 or less. They can't quest for the rest of this turn.

be-prepared
  (A character with cost 7 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Banish all characters.

cut-to-the-chase
  Chosen character gains Rush this turn. (They can challenge the turn they're played.)

dragon-fire
  Banish chosen character.

fan-the-flames
  Ready chosen character. They can't quest for the rest of this turn.

hes-got-a-sword
  Chosen character gets +2 {S} this turn.

tangle
  Each opponent loses 1 lore.

poisoned-apple
  TAKE A BITE... 1 {I}, Banish this item — Exert chosen character. If a Princess character is chosen, banish her instead.

shield-of-virtue
  FIREPROOF {E}, 3 {I} — Ready chosen character. They can't quest for the rest of this turn.

sword-of-truth
  FINAL ENCHANTMENT Banish this item — Banish chosen Villain character.

ariel-whoseit-collector
  LOOK AT THIS STUFF Whenever you play an item, you may ready this character.

aurora-briar-rose
  DISARMING BEAUTY When you play this character, chosen character gets -2 {S} this turn.

aurora-dreaming-guardian
  PROTECTIVE EMBRACE Your other characters gain Ward. (Opponents can't choose them except to challenge.)

belle-inventive-engineer
  TINKER Whenever this character quests, you pay 1 {I} less for the next item you play this turn.

belle-strange-but-special
  READ A BOOK During your turn, you may put an additional card from your hand into your inkwell facedown.
  MY FAVORITE PART! While you have 10 or more cards in your inkwell, this character gets +4 {L}.

gramma-tala-storyteller
  I WILL BE WITH YOU When this character is banished, you may put this card into your inkwell facedown and exerted.

hades-infernal-schemer
  IS THERE A DOWNSIDE TO THIS? When you play this character, you may put chosen opposing character into their player's inkwell facedown.

jasmine-queen-of-agrabah
  CARETAKER When you play this character and whenever she quests, you may remove up to 2 damage from each of your characters.

maurice-world-famous-inventor
  GIVE IT A TRY Whenever this character quests, you pay 2 {I} less for the next item you play this turn.
  IT WORKS! Whenever you play an item, you may draw a card.

mickey-mouse-detective
  GET A CLUE When you play this character, you may put the top card of your deck into your inkwell facedown and exerted.

robin-hood-unrivaled-archer
  FEED THE POOR When you play this character, if an opponent has more cards in their hand than you, draw a card.
  GOOD SHOT During your turn, this character gains Evasive. (They can challenge characters with Evasive.)

scar-mastermind
  INSIDIOUS PLOT When you play this character, chosen opposing character gets -5 {S} this turn.

tamatoa-so-shiny
  WHAT HAVE WE HERE? When you play this character and whenever he quests, you may return an item card from your discard to your hand.
  GLAM This character gets +1 {L} for each item you have in play.

develop-your-brain
  Look at the top 2 cards of your deck. Put one into your hand and the other on the bottom of the deck.

if-its-not-baroque
  Return an item card from your discard to your hand.

let-it-go
  (A character with cost 5 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Put chosen character into their player's inkwell facedown and exerted.

one-jump-ahead
  (A character with cost 2 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Put the top card of your deck into your inkwell facedown and exerted.

work-together
  Chosen character gains Support this turn. (Whenever they quest, you may add their {S} to another chosen character's {S} this turn.)

coconut-basket
  CONSIDER THE COCONUT Whenever you play a character, you may remove up to 2 damage from chosen character.

eye-of-the-fates
  SEE THE FUTURE {E} — Chosen character gets +1 {L} this turn.

fishbone-quill
  GO AHEAD AND SIGN {E} — Put any card from your hand into your inkwell facedown.

magic-golden-flower
  HEALING POLLEN Banish this item — Remove up to 3 damage from chosen character.

scepter-of-arendelle
  COMMAND {E} — Chosen character gains Support this turn. (Whenever they quest, you may add their {S} to another chosen character's {S} this turn.)

beast-hardheaded
  BREAK When you play this character, you may banish chosen item.

captain-hook-captain-of-the-jolly-roger
  DOUBLE THE POWDER! When you play this character, you may return an action card named Fire the Cannons! from your discard to your hand.

captain-hook-thinking-a-happy-thought
  STOLEN DUST Characters with cost 3 or less can't challenge this character.

donald-duck-musketeer
  STAY ALERT! During your turn, your Musketeer characters gain Evasive. (They can challenge characters with Evasive.)

gantu-galactic-federation-captain
  UNDER ARREST Characters with cost 2 or less can't challenge your characters.

hans-thirteenth-in-line
  STAGE A LITTLE ACCIDENT Whenever this character quests, you may deal 1 damage to chosen character.

mickey-mouse-musketeer
  ALL FOR ONE Your other Musketeer characters get +1 {S}.

simba-future-king
  GUESS WHAT? When you play this character, you may draw a card, then choose and discard a card.

simba-returned-king
  POUNCE During your turn, this character gains Evasive. (They can challenge characters with Evasive.)

simba-rightful-heir
  I KNOW WHAT I HAVE TO DO During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge, you gain 1 lore.

starkey-hooks-henchman
  AYE AYE, CAPTAIN While you have a Captain character in play, this character gets +1 {L}.

te-k-heartless
  SEEK THE HEART During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge, you gain 2 lore.

tinker-bell-giant-fairy
  ROCK THE BOAT When you play this character, deal 1 damage to each opposing character.
  PUNY PIRATE! During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge, you may deal 2 damage to chosen opposing character.

tinker-bell-tiny-tactician
  BATTLE PLANS {E} — Draw a card, then choose and discard a card.

a-whole-new-world
  (A character with cost 5 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Each player discards their hand and draws 7 cards.

break
  Banish chosen item.

fire-the-cannons
  Deal 2 damage to chosen character.

grab-your-sword
  (A character with cost 5 or more can {E} to sing this song for free.)
  Deal 2 damage to each opposing character.

ransack
  Draw 2 cards, then choose and discard 2 cards.

smash
  Deal 3 damage to chosen character.

beasts-mirror
  SHOW ME {E}, 3 {I} — If you have no cards in your hand, draw a card.

frying-pan
  CLANG! Banish this item — Chosen character can't challenge during their next turn.

musketeer-tabard
  ALL FOR ONE AND ONE FOR ALL Whenever one of your characters with Bodyguard is banished, you may draw a card.

plasma-blaster
  QUICK SHOT {E}, 2 {I} — Deal 1 damage to chosen character.

hades-king-of-olympus
  SINISTER PLOT This character gets +1 {L} for each other Villain character you have in play.

stitch-carefree-surfer
  OHANA When you play this character, if you have 2 or more other characters in play, you may draw 2 cards.

elsa-spirit-of-winter
  DEEP FREEZE When you play this character, exert up to 2 chosen characters. They can't ready at the start of their next turn.

mickey-mouse-wayward-sorcerer
  ANIMATE BROOM You pay 1 {I} less to play Broom characters.
  CEASELESS WORKER Whenever one of your Broom characters is banished in a challenge, you may return that card to your hand.

genie-on-the-job
  DISAPPEAR When you play this character, you may return chosen character to their player's hand.

mickey-mouse-artful-rogue
  MISDIRECTION Whenever you play an action, chosen opposing character can't quest during their next turn.

aladdin-heroic-outlaw
  DARING EXPLOIT During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge, you gain 2 lore and each opponent loses 2 lore.

aurora-dreaming-guardian
  PROTECTIVE EMBRACE Your other characters gain Ward. (Opponents can't choose them except to challenge.)

belle-strange-but-special
  READ A BOOK During your turn, you may put an additional card from your hand into your inkwell facedown.
  MY FAVORITE PART! While you have 10 or more cards in your inkwell, this character gets +4 {L}.

simba-returned-king
  POUNCE During your turn, this character gains Evasive. (They can challenge characters with Evasive.)

tinker-bell-giant-fairy
  ROCK THE BOAT When you play this character, deal 1 damage to each opposing character.
  PUNY PIRATE! During your turn, whenever this character banishes another character in a challenge, you may deal 2 damage to chosen opposing character.